hi mrs. Beatty rainbow and today I want
to open a five blind bags Louis PET SHOP
little pets big personalities Hello
Kitty minifigure collectibles series one
frozen dog tag tokidoki neon star
collectible figurine and My Little Pony
dog tag so let's get started there are
24 pets coat here's the insect
we have a pink dog he has a purple
musical note on his forehead and his
head can bobble he's very cute there are
12 to collect we have a rock and rolled
Hello Kitty she's wearing glasses and a
poodle skirt
she's very adorable
this includes one of eight sticker
sheets and one of 24 unique dog tags
here's the checklist we have an Olaf and
Sven sticker we have an Elsa dog tag and
it's two out twenty four and it looks
really nice there are a ticket
we have an owl she's purple and she has
a yellow bow Andy's holding an ice cream
cone
this pack includes one dog tag a tattoo
and a decal we have the Wonderbolts and
is number 20 and here is the sticker and
tattoo let's recap what I Iike I got a
pink doll give rock'n'roll Hello Kitty
and also dog tag a tokidoki owl and a
Wonderbolts dog tag I like to give shout
outs to Jesse vanilla
moonlight shine Alex Taylor Yolo and is
like Cooper hi guys
thank you for watching please like and
subscribe and bye
you